# True Press

Live URL: https://truepress.online

This newspaper site includes over 8000 articles from 1000 authors in 9 categories and 48 subcategories. The home page includes a navigation bar for each of the categories and subcategories as well as 6 about pages and a search tool, a headlines section, a sidebar of recent activity and previews of the most recent articles in every category. Each page of the application also includes a footer navigation bar with links to several about pages as well as the home page.

Visiting a category or subcategory page will display the name of the category or subcategory and previews for all articles in that category or subcategory ordered by recency of publish date. 10 article previews are displayed on a page at a time and categories and subcategories with more than 10 articles will include a pagination tool at the bottom of the page. This pattern is also used for author pages. Clicking on an author's name anywhere in the application will take you to his or her page.

Each article page is headed by the name of the subcategory to which it was published, the title of the article, the publish date and the name of the author. The content of the article falls directly below and will often include various images. The content is rendered as dummy data but is based on real data scraped from the official site. Below the content you will find the words 'Share this: ' followed by icons for various social media platforms. After this is an "About the Author" section, containing an image, the author's name and his or her biography if one is available - again, as dummy data. After this segment is a list of related articles - each with a title and representative category.

Finally, at the bottom of the page is a comment section. At the top of this section is a form with inputs for your comment, name and email, the latter two of which will not appear if you have already signed in. Signing in here will create a new user if necessary. Clicking the bell icon will subscribe or unsubscribe your email to or from the article's comment activity. An array of icons containing information about the comments of the article or its followers sits below. The two colored icons are interactive and can be activated with a click to view specific comments. A list of comments is the last thing in the section, with each reply shorter than its parent. Clicking the reply button on a comment will open or close a form much like that at the top of the comment section. Clicking the chevron icon will show or hide all comments deeper in the thread.

At the right end of the header navigation bar is a magnifying glass icon which opens an input box when clicked. Entering a value here will initiate a search request, disable everything on the screen and open an interactive modal. Article previews for the results of the search will be displayed in the modal with an option to sort by relevance or publish date. A pagination tool will also be displayed at the bottom of the modal if necessary.

An alternative layout will be rendered under certain screen widths - most notably regarding those fitting mobile devices. In these screen widths, the header, sidebar and footer will no longer appear. Descriptions will often not be shown in article previews and images will generally be stacked or removed. A new sticky header with a hamburger menu icon will be displayed at the top of the viewport. Clicking this icon will slide in a new navigation tool with dropdown options for all items present in the original nav. Clicking the 'X' icon in the top right of this nav will close it and restore the scroll position at the time of its opening. Using the search tool in this nav will redirect the user to a dedicated search page similar to that of a category, subcategory or author.
